bootstrap part 2 - Initial working version of logstash-integration plugin. (#3)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-logstash: docs/output-logstash.asciidoc

> |=======================================================================

Reviewer: Scrolling up to the top, this page needs

~~~ diff
@@ -19,1 +19,1 @@
-=== Logstash input plugin
+=== Logstash output plugin
~~~

Author: Ah, I knew it, failed to update somehow. 124L is also similar.

|Setting                            |Input type        |Required
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-host>> |<<string,string>> |Yes
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-password>> |<<password,password>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-port>> |<<number,number>> |Yes
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_enabled>> |<<boolean,boolean>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate>> | <<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_certificate_authorities>> |list of <<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_key>> | <<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_path>> | <<path,path>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_keystore_password>> | <<password,password>>|No

> | <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_supported_protocols>> |<<string,string>>|No

Author: 🤦 thanks for catching this.

===== `ssl_truststore_path`

* Value type is <<path,path>>
* There is no default value for this setting.
* When present, <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>> is also required.
* Cannot be combined with configurations that disable SSL.
* Cannot be combined with <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_verification_mode, `+ssl_verification_mode => none+`>>.

A path to a JKS- or PKCS12-formatted truststore with which to validate the identity claims of the downstream input.
The provided identity will be used if the downstream input enables <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-config-ssl-trust,SSL client authentication>>.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_password"]
===== `ssl_truststore_password`

* Value type is <<password,password>>
* There is no default value for this setting.
* Required when connection identity is configured with <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>>
* Cannot be combined with configurations that disable SSL.

Password for the <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_truststore_path>>

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_verification_mode"]
===== `ssl_verification_mode`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* The supported modes are:

> ** `full`: verifies that a certificate provided by the client has an identity claim matching <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-host>>, is signed by a trusted authority (CA), is within its valid date range, and that the client has possession of the associated key.

Reviewer: Rephrase: the output plugin uses `ssl_verification_mode` for validating a downstream input, not a [connecting] client.

```suggestion
** `full`: verifies that a certificate provided by the downstream input has an identity claim matching <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-host>>, is signed by a trusted authority (CA), is within its valid date range, and that the downstream input has possession of the associated key.
```

** `none`: performs no validation of the presented certificate

* The default value is `full`.
* Cannot be combined with configurations that disable SSL.

> When <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-ssl_client_authentication>> causes a client to present a certificate, this setting controls how that certificate is verified.
> 
> NOTE: Client identity is not typically validated using SSL because the receiving server only has access to the client's outbound-ip, which is not always constant and is frequently not represented in the certificate's subject or subjectAltNames extensions.
> For more information, see https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2818#section-3.1[RFC2818 § 3.2 (HTTP over TLS -- Client Identity)]

Reviewer: Rephrase: the output plugin uses `ssl_verification_mode` for validating a downstream input, not a [connecting] client. The caveat about client identity is not needed in this context because the output _is_ the client.

```suggestion
When communicating over SSL, this setting controls how the downstream input's certificate is verified.
```

> ** `none`: performs no validation of the presented certificate

Reviewer: scrolling up, we also need:

~~~ diff
@@ -268,1 +248,1 @@
-* There is only one currently-supported mode:
+* The supported modes are:
~~~
